# Lazy Loader 
**Contributors:** FlorianBrinkmann, MarcDK  
**Tags:** lazysizes, lazy loading, performance, images  
**Requires at least:** 4.5  
**Tested up to:** 4.9.4  
**Stable tag:** 3.2.7  
**Requires PHP:** 5.3  


## Description 

Lazy loading plugin that supports images, iFrames, video and audio elements and uses lazysizes.js. With manual modification of the markup it is also possible to lazy load background images, scripts, and styles.

Lazy loads (without the need of any manually modifications):

* Images inserted in posts, pages, Custom Post Types, Text Widgets, …
* Post thumbnails.
* iFrames.*
* Video elements.*
* Audio elements.*

\* *Can be enabled in the plugin options (Settings › Media › Lazy Loader options). Lazy loading of video and audio elements need the [lazysizes unveilhooks extension](https://github.com/aFarkas/lazysizes/tree/gh-pages/plugins/unveilhooks), which can be included via an additional option in the plugin settings.*

The unveilhooks extension of lazysizes supports more than video and audio elements, but you need to manually modify the markup to use it for:

* Background images.
* Scripts.
* Styles.

The plugin adds a `noscript` element as fallback for disabled JavaScript.

The auto-modifying of the image markup does not work for images that are added using `wp_get_attachment_image()`, because there cannot be a `noscript` fallback added.

You can disable lazy loading for specific image classes by adding them in the plugin settings (*Settings* › *Media* › *Lazy Loader options*). Or use the data-no-lazyload attribute.


## Installation 

* Install plugin.
* Activate it.
* If you want to add support for iFrames, video/audio elements, or things the [lazysizes unveilhooks extension](https://github.com/aFarkas/lazysizes/tree/gh-pages/plugins/unveilhooks) supports, go to the plugin settings under *Settings* › *Media* › *Lazy Loader options*.


## Changelog 


### 3.2.7 – 19.02.2018 

**Fixed**

* Duplicated images if, for example, the `the_content` filter is run multiple times.
* Small doc fix.


### 3.2.6 – 30.11.2017 

**Changed**

* Automatically load unveilhooks extension if audio or video option is enabled, regardless of the option to load the unveilhooks plugin is enabled or not.
* Updated *Tested up to* version to 4.9.1.


### 3.2.5 – 27.11.2017 

**Fixed**

* Wrong path to plugin options in the readme.txt.


### 3.2.4 – 25.11.2017 

**Fixed**

* Fatal error due case mismatch in referencing the SmartDOMDocument class – sorry for that!


### 3.2.3 – 25.11.2017 

**Fixed**

* Line break issues with the readme for W.org.


### 3.2.2 – 25.11.2017 

**Fixed**

* Problem with duplicated images in HTML widget.


### 3.2.1 – 25.11.2017 

**Fixed**

* Load minified version of lazysizes unveilhooks plugin.


### 3.2.0 – 25.11.2017 

**Added**

* Option to automatically lazy load iFrames.
* Option to automatically lazy load videos.
* Option to automatically lazy load audio.
* Option to additionally load the unveilhooks plugin of lazysizes. This enables lazy loading of audio, video, scripts, and more.
* Support for images inside the text and HTML widget. Does not work for galleries in the widgets.
* Support for Gravatars.
* Autoloading of classes with Composer.

**Changed**

* Changed plugin name to »Lazy Loader«.
* Moved settings to the media settings page and removed the customizer section.
* PHP comment style for inline comments.
* Renamed the class files in `src`.

**Fixed**

* Small doc errors.


### 3.1.13 – 08.11.2017 

**Changed**

* Updated lazysizes to 4.0.1.
* Updated »Tested up to« version to 4.9 in readme.


### 3.1.12 – 22.09.2017 

**Fixed**

* Added back the support for `data-no-lazyload` attr to disable lazy loading for specific images (was removed in 3.1.0 without keeping backwards compatibility in mind, sorry).


### 3.1.11 – 19.09.2017 

**Changed**

* Added details to the readme, what images are lazy loaded.

**Fixed**

* Now also adds a `noscript` element for gallery images.

**Removed**

* No lazy loading for images that are added via `wp_get_attachment_image()`, because for those images cannot be added a `noscript` fallback.


### 3.1.10 – 17.09.2017 

**Fixed**

* is_admin_request() check does not work for subdirectory installs.


### 3.1.9 – 25.08.2017 

**Fixed**

* Product image appears twice in WooCommerce cart.


### 3.1.8 – 10.08.2017 

**Fixed**

* Bump »Requires at least« to 4.5 because using wp_add_inline_script() since a few versions.


### 3.1.7 – 10.08.2017 

**Fixed**

* Use saveHTMLExact() method from SmartDomDocument to prevent doctype, html and body element to be added to the content.


### 3.1.6 – 07.08.2017 

**Fixed**

* Disable lazy loading for AMP pages which are generated by the »AMP« plugin by Automattic.


### 3.1.5 – 20.07.2017 

**Fixed**

* Further issues with PHP 5.3.
* Issue with lazy loaded post thumbnail in the backend.


### 3.1.4 – 14.07.2017 

**Fixed**

* Replaced [] array syntax with traditional one, so it works with PHP 5.3 again.


### 3.1.3 – 07.07.2017 

**Fixed**

* Wrong check for js class, which causes hidden images if nothing else added a js class…


### 3.1.2 

**Fixed**

* Capital P for one »WordPress« in readme and one in plugin description.


### 3.1.1 

**Changed**

* Added option to disable lazy loading for specific classes to readme.

**Fixed**

* Correct text domain.


### 3.1.0 

**Added**

* Customizer option to specify image class names to disable lazy loading for those.

**Changed**

* Using semver.
* Make it work with AJAX requests (thanks to zitrusblau).
* Using classes and namespaces.
* Using SmartDomDocument class.
* Updated plugin URL.
* Doc improvements.


### 3.0 

* Updated lazysizes to 3.0.0 (Thanks FlorianBrinkmann)
* Plugin version reflects version of lazysizes.


### 1.0.9 

* Allow opting out of lazy load with "data-no-lazyload" attribute (Thanx wheresrhys)


### 1.0.8 

* Bugfix for missing images if javascript is disabled.


### 1.0.7 

* Added a check to prevent the plugin being applied multiple times on the same image. (Thanx to saxonycreative)


### 1.0.6 

* added missing src attribute. Older browsers like the PS4 browser now work again.


### 1.0.5 

* now prevents lazy loading in atom feeds and the WordPress backend.


### 1.0.4 

* Changed description to reflect the compatibility with WordPress 4.4 core responsive images.
* Removed skipping of the first image in the post.
* Adds css class "js" to body tag for better compatibility.


### 1.0.3 

* fixed path to js and css.


### 1.0.2 

* typo in WordPress usernames.
